she named Luna now go
be seeing you when your Lou friends job
Latin tops and MC Hammer pants it
looking like I came out of the Orient in
some nineties you said Golden Age
of hip-hop is this mystery girl back
then look a I'm throwing a party won't
you become you are going we are going
she metaphorically showed you her
and said come and me we're not
going to a drug dealers birthday party
[Music]
check this we were dancing party
don't put it in my bag we gotta get rid
of it all we gotta do is find the white
people article chela we can backpack and
hitchhike and sing Mumford and Sons
songs and all that we don't
know about drugs we needs your help
I've got you cuz you're my
what the was a reflex you play with
me my little boy from the hood my tits
will let you fill any hole except the
yet still claim they're virgins
I've only had intercourse in the
technically you're still a very - so the
question isn't am I technically a virgin
what the question could be is am I
technically gay oh that's deep
[Music]